# Private Life Chatbot

Before this project, I couldn't define the word feminism. But through building my project I found the true meaning of the word and this gave me the inspiration for my project. This project is based on the world now and how people tend to overshare. Me myself, I have a tendency to normally overshare private things about myself and then regret it once I've said it. In this 21st century, people use social media as an outlet to discuss their problems, and maybe even special moments allowing the whole world to chime in, but when do you cap this?, how do you know this information is a bit too private for everyone to know?.

This project wants to provide ways to help understand the importance of not sharing every moment, every feeling and every thought. Some things are meant for you and your ears only. You can right your own story without anyone's opinion causing you to change your mind or to feel deflated. As the chatbot is scripted and the user cannot ask any questions, but the bot does provide the options of topics they have problems with when it comes to oversharing. However, the website does provide more information on how to keep a private life, so if the user is trying to find a better understanding, they can access more information through the help provided.

In this project, I am just trying to help those that may have a hard time deciding what to share and what not to share. I've been through so many unfortunate moments where I've overshared and it has caused me distress and I just wanted to curl up into a ball. But over time I have learned and I would love to share that with the user. And this is where feminism ties into it, because people deem females as big gossipers; because people believe that we are wired to do so much more than men. I want to break that notion as everyone has maybe shared a bit too much at one period of their life and looks back now wishing they didn't. Feminism is all about challenging restrictive gender norms and all genders having equal rights and opportunities.
